{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Media}}\vieww14560\viewh15200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 The United Alliance has launched a series of attacks against our Eastern enemies, but the end of the war is not in sight. With five years behind us since the attack, the continent of North America still remains radioactive. We remind all viewers to stay inside government approved buildings to avoid exposer to radiation until instructed otherwise.
\i0 \

\i In other news, the\'85
\i0 \
Reese glanced away from the television. She didn't turn it off of course, no one did anymore. Instead she looked at the bolted front door, the windows fastened shut with metal plates and the cross bars securing her walls. She knew she was safe. No matter what the eastern enemies did, she would always be safe. She was hidden from their radioactive weapons, their guns and their bullets all thanks to the United Alliance.\
It had been five years ago when the officers had come, securing her first floor apartment for no expense. At noon of course, the news had announced they would be arriving. The first of eight nuclear missiles had been sailing towards the continent and the United Alliance was going to secure every building in danger.\
At first, it was temporary. Rations were delivered through secure slots built into the doors and they were warned not to step outside. But then the second round of missiles had been launched, and a third, and a fourth, and by now the area outside was a waste land. The radiation had killed everything.\
Sometimes, Reese could hear the battles outside. The guns and planes buzzing outdoors. Late at night, she could hear them sneaking along her house, but, when the voices died away, she always said a silent thanks to the UA. Without them, she didn't think she'd be alive.\
She went over to what was left of the kitchen: a microwave and a single cabinet. The rest had been taken away to supply the army, and it really was essential to the military's survival. She had been happy to donate the kitchen when Carl Seene, the old news anchor, had appealed to her. Well, really he had been appealing to everyone, but it felt like it had been her.\
She heated up the latest ration: some brownish much. Nothing could grow in the radiation, this was all the world was left with. She sighed, watching the microwave timer tick down to zero.\
She could hear the news in the background. The UA needed new clothing supplies for the army. Reese thought about what was left of her wardrobe. She only really needed one outfit and anyway, it was going to a good cause.\
Somewhere around 
\i 00:30
\i0  on the timer, something inside the microwave broke. Faint whips of smoke escaped through the tiny door, but Reese was still wondering how much clothing she could fit in the donation container built into the boarded up window. At 
\i 00:15
\i0  an alarm went off inside the machine. Smoke pored out of it, collecting like smog in the air.\
By now, Reese had noticed, squinting towards the microwave through the blackish smoke obscuring the kitchen. She moved over to the machine, but as she did so a light flickered near the outlet. Flames began to spread along the walls, singing the old wallpaper. The air thickened with the smoke, drifting over through the TV room.\
Meanwhile, the blurry outline of red flames was spreading along her walls. Reese lifted her sleeve up to her mouth, coughing violently as she stumbled towards her bedroom door. But the fire had beat her too it, the flames already licking the base of the door frame.\
Desperate, Reese ran to the only place left, locked and bared, but what other choice did she have? She pressed against the front door, but her efforts were useless against the metal plates securing it shut. Flames made their way up along the edges, warming the metal against her skin.\
Suddenly, the door gave, collapsing backwards as the fire consumed the delicate wood the metal bolts were burried in. Reese stumbled outside, stepping out from the darkness of the smoke and into...\
It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the light. Behind her lay the smoking remains of her bolted up home, and in front of her, Reese knew, must lay the wasteland battlefield of North America.\
But what greeted her were not the images of war she had seen so often on TV, but her neighborhood, just as she remembered it. Despite years of being attacked, the damage reported so often, everything was the same. Not a hair out of place.\
She wondered what was going on. Why she wasn't dying of radiation and why was the sun, which she knew should be obscured behind the smog of radioactive pollution, seemed unadulterated and bright. Why was there still grass flowing along the sidewalk when she knew that biological weapons used by the eastern enemies had destroyed it. Why was there no one outside when the soldiers should be patrolling every day at noon.\
Reese wondered if she was dreaming. Maybe she had died and had landed in this world of fiction. Maybe this was her version of Hevan, everything back to normal. \
}